Various improvements to CONTRIBUTING.md (#1009)
WordPress/openverse-api: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Project Documentation

Please consult the [README](./README.md) file at the root of this repository.
Also see [Project documentation guidelines](./DOCUMENTATION_GUIDELINES.md) if you are interested in improving our documentation.
### Bugs

If you find a bug, please open an issue in this repository describing the bug. You can file a bug [here](https://github.com/WordPress/openverse-api/issues/new?template=bug_report.md). You will see a bug report template with the required information you should provide.

After that, don't forget to tag the issue with the "Bug" label.

### Questions or Thoughts?

> Feel free to [join us on Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat/) and discuss the project with the engineers and community members on #openverse.

Reviewer: The "Questions or Thoughts?" section is already present at the bottom of the file. This section should be changed to suggestion opening an issue because we now use issues for discussion as well.

## Project Documentation

Please consult the [README](./README.md) file at the root of this repository.

> Also see [Project documentation guidelines](./DOCUMENTATION_GUIDELINES.md) if you are interested in improving our documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also see the [project documentation guidelines](./DOCUMENTATION_GUIDELINES.md) if you are interested in improving our documentation.
```

### Proposing changes or new features

> Feel free to open an issue to discuss any new features or if you want to propose any changes.

Reviewer 2: I think we could add a link here to the new issue page!
```suggestion
Feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/WordPress/openverse-api/issues/new/choose) to discuss any new features or to propose any changes.
```
